# AWS SAP题库

1. A company runs a legacy system on a single m4.2xlarge Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon EBS2 storage. The EC2 instance runs both the web server and a self-managed Oracle database. A snapshot is made of the EBS volume every 12 hours, and an AMI was created from the fully configured EC2 instance. A recent event that terminated the EC2 instance led to several hours of downtime. The application was successfully launched from the AMI, but the age of the EBS snapshot and the repair of the database resulted in the loss of 8 hours of data. The system was also down for 4 hours while the Systems Operators manually performed these processes. What architectural changes will minimize downtime and reduce the chance of lost data?
   - [ ] A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to automatically recover the instance. Create a script that will check and repair the database upon reboot. Subscribe the Operations team to the Amazon SNS message generated by the CloudWatch alarm.
   - [ ] B. Run the application on m4.xlarge EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer/Application Load Balancer. Run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones with a minimum instance count of two. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
   - [ ] C. Run the application on m4.2xlarge EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer/Application Load Balancer. Run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group access multiple Availability Zones with a minimum instance count of one. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
   - [ ] D. Increase the web server instance count to two m4.xlarge instances and use Amazon Route 53 round-robin load balancing to spread the load. Enable Route 53 health checks on the web serverse Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
2. A company runs a legacy system on a single m4.2xlarge Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon EBS2 storage. The EC2 instance runs both the web server and a self-managed Oracle database. A snapshot is made of the EBS volume every 12 hours, and an AMI was created from the fully configured EC2 instance. A recent event that terminated the EC2 instance led to several hours of downtime. The application was successfully launched from the AMI, but the age of the EBS snapshot and the repair of the database resulted in the loss of 8 hours of data. The system was also down for 4 hours while the Systems Operators manually performed these processes. What architectural changes will minimize downtime and reduce the chance of lost data?
   - [ ] A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to automatically recover the instance. Create a script that will check and repair the database upon reboot. Subscribe the Operations team to the Amazon SNS message generated by the CloudWatch alarm.
   - [ ] B. Run the application on m4.xlarge EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer/Application Load Balancer. Run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones with a minimum instance count of two. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
   - [ ] C. Run the application on m4.2xlarge EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer/Application Load Balancer. Run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group access multiple Availability Zones with a minimum instance count of one. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
   - [ ] D. Increase the web server instance count to two m4.xlarge instances and use Amazon Route 53 round-robin load balancing to spread the load. Enable Route 53 health checks on the web ser verse Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Oracle Multi-AZ DB instance.
3. A company uses Amazon S3 to store documents that may only be accessible to an Amazon EC2 instance in a certain virtual private cloud (VPC). The company fears that a malicious insider with access to this instance could also set up an EC2 instance in another VPC to access these documents. Which of the following solutions will provide the required protection?
   - [ ] A. Use an S3 VPC endpoint and an S3 bucket policy to limit access to this VPC endpoint.
   - [ ] B. Use EC2 instance profiles and an S3 bucket policy to limit access to the role attached to the instance profile.
   - [ ] C. Use S3 client-side encryption and store the key in the instance metadata.
   - [ ] D. Use S3 server-side encryption and protect the key with an encryption context.
4. The Solutions Architect manages a serverless application that consists of multiple API gateways, AWS Lambda functions, Amazon S3 buckets, and Amazon DynamoDB tables. Customers say that a few application components slow while loading dynamic images, and some are timing out with the "504 Gateway Timeout" error. While troubleshooting the scenario, the Solutions Architect confirms that DynamoDB monitoring metrics are at acceptable levels. Which of the following steps would be optimal for debugging these application issues? (Choose two.)
   - [ ] A. Parse HTTP logs in Amazon API Gateway for HTTP errors to determine the root cause of the errors.
   - [ ] B. Parse Amazon CloudWatch Logs to determine processing times for requested images at specified intervals.
   - [ ] C. Parse VPC Flow Logs to determine if there is packet loss between the Lambda function and S3.
   - [ ] D. Parse AWS X-Ray traces and analyze HTTP methods to determine the root cause of the HTTP errors.
   - [ ] E. Parse S3 access logs to determine if objects being accessed are from specific IP addresses to narrow the scope to geographic latency issues.
5. A Solutions Architect is designing the storage layer for a recently purchased application. The application will be mnning on Amazon EC2 instances and has the following layers and requirements:-Data layer:A POSIX file system shared across many systems. -Sewice layer:Static file content that requires block storage with more than 100k IOPS. Which combination ofAWS services will meet these needs? (Choose two.)
   - [ ] A. Data layer-Amazon S3
   - [ ] B. Data layer-Amazon EC2 Ephemeral Storage
   - [ ] C. Data layer-Amazon EFS
   - [ ] D. Service layer-Amazon EBS volumes with Provisioned IOPS
   - [ ] E. Service layer-Amazon EC2 Ephemeral Storage
6. A company has an application that ntns a web service on Amazon EC2 instances and stores .jpg images in Amazon S3. The web traffic has a predictable baseline, but often demand spikes unpredictably for short periods of time. The application is loosely coupled and stateless. The .jpg images stored in Amazon S3 are accessed frequently for the first 15 to 20 days, they are seldom accessed thereafter but always need to be immediately available. The CIO has asked to find ways to reduce costs. Which of the following options will reduce costs? (Choose two.)
   - [ ] A. Purchase Reserved instances for baseline capacity requirements and use On-Demand instances for the demand spikes.
   - [ ] B. Configure a lifecycle policy to move the .jpg images on Amazon S3 to S3 IA after 30 days.
   - [ ] C. Use On-Demand instances for baseline capacity requirements and use Spot Fleet instances for the demand spikes.
   - [ ] D. Configure a lifecycle policy to move the .jpg images on Amazon S3 to Amazon Glacier after 30 days.
   - [ ] E. Create a script that checks the load on all web servers and terminates unnecessary On-Demand instances.
7. A hybrid network architecture must be used during a company's multi-year data center migration from multiple private data centers to AWS. The current data centers are linked together with private fiber. Due to unique legacy applications, NAT cannot be used. During the migration period, many applications will need access to other applications in both the data centers and AWS. Which option offers a hybrid network architecture that is secure and highly available, that allows for high bandwidth and a multi-region deployment post-migratio
   - [ ] A. Use AWS Direct Connect to each data center from different ISPs, and configure routing to failover to the other data center's Direct Connect if one fails. Ensure that no VPC CIDR blocks overlap one another or the on-premises network.
   - [ ] B. Use multiple hardware VPN connections to AWS from the on-premises data center. Route different subnet traffic through different VPN connections. Ensure that no VPC CIDR blocks overlap one another or the on-premises network.
   - [ ] C. Use a software VPN with clustering both in AWS and the on-premises data center, and route traffic through the cluster. Ensure that no WTC CIDR blocks overlap one another or the on-premises network.
   - [ ] D. Use AWS Direct Connect and a VPN as backup, and configure both to use the same virtual private gateway and BGP. Ensure that no VPC CIDR blocks overlap one another or the on-premises network.
8. A company is currently mnning a production workload on AWS that is very 1/0 intensive. Its workload consists ofa single tier with 10 c4.8xlarge instances, each with 2 TB gp2 volumes. The number of processing jobs has recently increased, and latency has increased as well. The team realizes that they are constrained on the IOPS. For the application to perform efficiently, they need to increase the IOPS by 3,000 for each of the instances. Which of the following designs will meet the performance goal MOST cost effectively?
   - [ ] A. Change the type of Amazon EBS volume from gp2 to iol and set provisioned IOPS to 9,000.
   - [ ] B. Increase the size of the gp2 volumes in each instance to 3 T B.
   - [ ] C. Create a new Amazon EFS file system and move all the data to this new file system. Mount this file system to all 10 instances.
   - [ ] D. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket and move all the data to this new bucket. Allow each instance to access this S3 bucket and use it for storage.
9. A company's data center is connected to the AWS Cloud over a minimally used 10-Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection with a private virtual interface to its virtual private cloud (VPC). The company internet connection is 200 Mbps, and the company has a 150-TB dataset that is created each Friday. The data must be transferred and available in Amazon S3 0n Monday morning. Which is the LEAST expensive way to meet the requirements while allowing for data transfer growth?
   - [ ] A. Order two SO-GB AWS Snowball appliances. Offload the data to the appliances and ship them to AWS. AWS will copy the data from the Snowball appliances to Amazon S3.
   - [ ] B. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Copy the data to Amazon S3 by using the VPC endpoint, forcing the transfer to use the Direct Connect connection.
   - [ ] C. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Set up a reverse proxy farm behind a Classic Load Balancer in the VPC. Copy the data to Amazon S3 using the proxy.
   - [ ] D. Create a public virtual interface on a Direct Connect connection, and copy the data to Amazon S3 over the connection.
10. A company has created an account for individual Development teams, resulting in a total of 200 accounts. All accounts have a single viltual private cloud (VPC) in a single region with multiple microservices running in Docker containers that need to communicate with microsewices in other accounts. The Security team requirements state that these microservices must not traverse the public internet, and only certain internal services should be allowed to call other individual services. If there is any denied network traffic for a sewice, the Security team must be notified of any denied requests, including the source IP. How can connectivity be established between sewice while meeting the security requirements?
    - [ ] A. Create a VPC peering connection between the VPCs. Use security groups on the instances to allow traffic from the security group IDs that are permitted to call the microservice. Apply network ACLs to and allow traffic from the local VPC and peered VPCs only. Within the task definition in Amazon ECS for each of the microservices, specify a log configuration by using the awslogs driver. Within Amazon CloudWatch Logs, create a metric filter and alarm off of the number of HTTP 403 responses. Create an alarm when the number of messages exceeds a threshold set by the Security team.
    - [ ] B. Ensure that no CIDR ranges are overlapping, and attach a virtual private gateway (VGW) to each Provision an IPsec tunnel between each VGW and enable route propagation on the route table. Configure security groups on each service to allow the CIDR ranges of the VPCs on the other accounts. Enable VPC Flow Logs, and use an Amazon CloudWatch Logs subscription filter for rejected traffic. Create an IAM role and allow the Security team to call the AssumeRole action for each account.
    - [ ] C. Deploy a transit VPC by using third-party marketplace VPN appliances running on Amazon EC2, dynamically routed VPN connections between the VPN appliance, and the virtual private gateways (VGWs) attached to each VPC within the region. Adjust network ACLs to allow traffic from the local VPC only. Apply security groups to the microservices to allow traffic from the VPN appliances only. Install the awslogs agent on each VPN appliance and configure logs to forward to Amazon CloudWatch Logs in the security account for the Security team to access.
    - [ ] D. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) for each microservice. Attach the NLB to a PrivateLink endpoint service and whitelist the accounts that will be consuming this service. Create an interface endpoint in the consumer VPC and associate a security group that allows only the security group IDs of the services authorized to call the producer service. On the producer services, create security groups for each microservice and allow only the CIDR range the allowed services. Create VPC Flow Logs on each VPC to capture rejected traffic that will be delivered to anAmazon CloudWatch Logs group. Create a CloudWatch Logs subscription that streams the log data to a security account.
11. A company runs a dynamic mission-critical web application that has an SLA of 99.99%. Global application users access the application 24/7. The application is currently hosted on premises and routinely fails to meet its SLA, especially when millions of users access the application concurrently.Remote users complain of latency. How should this application be redesigned to be scalable and allow for automatic failover at the lowest cost?
    - [ ] A. Use Amazon Route 53 failover routing with geolocation-based routing. Host the websiteon automatically scaled Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer with an additional Application Load Balancer and EC2 instances for the application layer in each region. Use a Multi-AZ deployment with MySQL as the data layer.
    - [ ] B. Use Amazon Route 53 round robin routing to distribute the load evenly to several regions with health checks. Host the website on automatically scaled Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate technology containers behind a Network Load Balancer, with an additional Network Load Balancer and Fargate containers for the application layer in each region. Use Amazon Aurora replicas for the data layer.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route to the nearest region with health checks. Host the website in Amazon S3 in each region and use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda for the application layer. Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables as the data layer with Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for caching.
    - [ ] D. Use Amazon Route 53 geolocation-based routing. Host the website on automatically scaled AWS Fargate containers behind a Network Load Balancer with an additional Network Load Balancer and Fargate containers for the application layer in each region. Use Amazon Aurora Multi-Master for Aurora MySQL as the data layer.
12. A company manages more than 200 separate internet-facing web applications. All of the applications are deployed to AWS in a single AWS Region The fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) of all of the applications are made available through HTTPS using Application Load Balancers (ALBs). The ALBs are configured to use public SSL/TLS certificates. A Solutions Architect needs to migrate the web applications to a multi-region architecmre. All HTTPS sewices should continue to work without interruption. Which approach meets these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Request a certificate for each FQDN using AWS KNIS. Associate the certificates with the ALBs in the primary AWS Region. Enable cross-region availability in AWS KMS for the certificates and associate the certificates with the ALBs in the secondary AWS Region.
    - [ ] B. Generate the key pairs and certificate requests for each FQDN using AWS KMS. Associate the certificates with the AL Bs in both the primary and secondary AWS Regions.
    - [ ] C. Request a certificate for each FQDN using AWS Certificate Manager. Associate the certificates with the ALBs in both the primary and secondary AWS Regions.
    - [ ] D. Request certificates for each FQDN in both the primary and secondary AWS Regions using AWS Certificate Manager. Associate the certificates with the corresponding AL Bs in each AWS Region.
13. An e-commerce company is revamping its IT infrastmcture and is planning to use AWS services. The company's CIO has asked a Solutions Architect to design a simple, highly available, and loosely coupled order processing application. The application is responsible for receiving and processing orders before storing them in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The application has a sporadic traffic pattern and should be able to scale during marketing campaigns to process the orders with minimal delays. Which of the following is the MOST reliable approach to meet the requirements?
    - [ ] A. Receive the orders in an Amazon EC2-hosted database and use EC2 instances to process them.
    - [ ] B. Receive the orders in an Amazon SQS queue and trigger an AWS Lambda function to process them.
    - [ ] C. Receive the orders using the AWS Step Functions program and trigger an Amazon ECS container to process them.
    - [ ] D. Receive the orders in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and use Amazon EC2 instances to process them.
14. A company has an application written using an in-house software framework The framework installation takes 30 minutes and is performed with a user data script. Company Developers deploy changes to the application frequently. The framework installation is becoming a bottleneck in this process. Which of the following would speed up this process?
    - [ ] A. Create a pipeline to build a custom AMI with the framework installed and use this AMI as a baseline for application deployments.
    - [ ] B. Employ a user data script to install the framework but compress the installation files to make them smaller.
    - [ ] C. Create a pipeline to parallelize the installation tasks and call this pipeline from a user data script.
    - [ ] D. Configure an AWS OpsWorks cookbook that installs the framework instead of employing user data. Use this cookbook as a base for all deployments.
15. A company wants to ensure that the workloads for each of its business units have complete autonomy and a minimALBlast radius in AWS. The Security team must be able to control access to the resources and sewices in the account to ensure that particular services are not used by the business units. How can a Solutions Architect achieve the isolation requirements?
    - [ ] A. Create individual accounts for each business unit and add the account to an OU in AWS Organizations. Modify the OU to ensure that the particular services are blocked. Federate each account with an IdP, and create separate roles for the business units and the Security team.
    - [ ] B. Create individual accounts for each business unit. Federate each account with an IdP and create separate roles and policies for business units and the Security team.
    - [ ] C. Create one shared account for the entire company. Create separate VPCs for each business unit. Create individual IAM policies and resource tags for each business unit. Federate each account with an IdP, and create separate roles for the business units and the Security team.
    - [ ] D. Create one shared account for the entire company. Create individual IAM policies and resource tags for each business unit. Federate the account with an IdP, and create separate roles for the business units and the Security team.
16. A company is migrating a subset of its application APIs from Amazon EC2 instances to run on a serverless infrastmcture. The company has set up Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB for the new application. The primary responsibility of the Lambda function is to obtain data from a third-party Software as a Service (SaaS) provider. For consistency, the Lambda function is attached to the same virtual private cloud (VPC) as the original EC2 instances. Test users report an inability to use this newly moved functionality, and the company is receiving 5xx errors from API Gateway. Monitoring reports from the SaaS provider shows that the requests never made it to its systems. The company notices that Amazon CloudWatch Logs are being generated by the Lambda ftnctions. When the same functionality is tested against the EC2 systems, it works as expected. What is causing the issue?
    - [ ] A. Lambda is in a subnet that does not have a NAT gateway attached to it to connect to the SaaS provider.
    - [ ] B. The end-user application is misconfigured to continue using the endpoint backed by EC2 instances.
    - [ ] C. The throttle limit set on API Gateway is too low and the requests are not making their way through.
    - [ ] D. API Gateway does not have the necessary permissions to invoke Lambda.
17. A Solutions Architect is working with a company that is extremely sensitive to its IT costs and wishes to implement controls that will result in a predictable AWS spend each month. Which combination of steps can help the company control and monitor its monthly AWS usage to achieve a cost that is as close as possible to the target amount? (Choose three.)
    - [ ] A. Implement an IAM policy that requires users to specify a 'workload' tag for cost allocation when launching Amazon EC2 instances.
    - [ ] B. Contact AWS Support and ask that they apply limits to the account so that users are not able to launch more than a certain number of instance types.
    - [ ] C. Purchase all upfront Reserved Instances that cover 100% of the account's expected Amazon EC2 usage.
    - [ ] D. Place conditions in the users' IAM policies that limit the number of instances they are able to launch.
    - [ ] E. Define 'workload' as a cost allocation tag in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
    - [ ] F. Set up AWS Budgets to alert and notify when a given workload is expected to exceed a defined cost.
18. A large global company wants to migrate a stateless mission-critical application to AWS. The application is based on IBM WebSphere (application and integration middleware), IBM MQ (messaging middleware), and 1BM DB2 (database software) on a z/OS operating system. How should the Solutions Architect migrate the application to AWS?
    - [ ] A. Re-host WebSphere-based applications on Amazon EC2 behind a load balancer with Auto Scaling. Re-platform the IBM MQ to anAmazon EC2-based MQ. Re-platform the z/OS-based DB2 to Amazon RDS DB2.
    - [ ] B. Re-host WebSphere-based applications on Amazon EC2 behind a load balancer with Auto Scaling. Re-platform the IBM MQ to an Amazon MQ. Re-platform z/OS-based DB2 to Amazon EC2-based DB2.
    - [ ] C. Orchestrate and deploy the application by using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. Re-platform the IBM MQ to Amazon SQS. Re-platform z/OS-based DB2 to Amazon RDS DB2.
    - [ ] D. Use the AWS Server Migration Service to migrate the IBM WebSphere and IBM DB2 to an Amazon EC2-based solution. Re-platform the IBM MQ to an Amazon MQ.
19. A media storage application uploads user photos to Amazon S3 for processing. End users are reporting that some uploaded photos are not being processed properly. The Application Developers trace the logs and find that AWS Lambda is experiencing execution issues when thousands of users are on the system simultaneously. Issues are caused by:-Limits around concurrent executions. -The performance of Amazon DynamoDB when saving data. Which actions can be taken to increase the performance and reliability of the application? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Evaluate and adjust the read capacity units (RCUs) for the DynamoDB tables.
    - [ ] B. Evaluate and adjust the write capacity units (WCUs) for the DynamoDB tables.
    - [ ] C. Add an Amazon ElastiCache layer to increase the performance of Lambda functions.
    - [ ] D. Configure a dead letter queue that will reprocess failed or timed-out Lambda functions.
    - [ ] E. Use S3 Transfer Acceleration to provide lower-latency access to end users.
20. A company operates a group of imaging satellites. The satellites stream data to one of the company's ground stations where processing creates about 5 GB of images per minute. This data is added to network-attached storage, where 2 PB of data are already stored. The company runs a website that allows its customers to access and purchase the images over the Internet. This website is also running in the ground station. Usage analysis shows that customers are most likely to access images that have been captured in the last 24 hours. The company would like to migrate the image storage and distribution system to AWS to reduce costs and increase the number of customers that can be served. Which AWS architecture and migration strategy will meet these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Use multiple AWS Snowball appliances to migrate the existing imagery to Amazon S3. Create a I-Gb AWS Direct Connect connection from the ground station to AWS, and upload new data to Amazon S3 through the Direct Connect connection. Migrate the data distribution website to Amazon EC2 instances. By using Amazon S3 as an origin, have this website serve the data through Amazon CloudFront by creating signed URLs.
    - [ ] B. Create a I-Gb Direct Connect connection from the ground station to AWS. Use the AWS Command Line Interface to copy the existing data and upload new data to Amazon S3 over the Direct Connect connection. Migrate the data distribution website to EC2 instances. By using Amazon S3 as an origin, have this website serve the data through CloudFront by creating signed URLs.
    - [ ] C. Use multiple Snowball appliances to migrate the existing images to Amazon S3. Upload new data by regularly using Snowball appliances to upload data from the network-attached storage. Migrate the data distribution website to EC2 instances. By using Amazon S3 as an origin, have this website serve the data through CloudFront by creating signed URLs.
    - [ ] D. Use multiple Snowball appliances to migrate the existing images to an Amazon EFS file system. Create a I-Gb Direct Connect connection from the ground station to AWS, and upload new data by mounting the EFS file system over the Direct Connect connection. Migrate the data distribution website to EC2 instances. By using webservers in EC2 that mount the EFS file system as the origin, have this website serve the data through CloudFront by creating signed URLs.
21. A company ingests and processes streaming market data. The data rate is constant. A nightly process that calculates aggregate statistics is run, and each execution takes about 4 hours to complete. The statistical analysis is not mission critical to the business, and previous data points are picked up on the next execution if a particular run fails. The current architecture uses a pool of Amazon EC2 Resewed Instances with I-year resewations running full time to ingest and store the streaming data in attached Amazon EBS volumes. On-Demand EC2 instances are launched each night to perform the nightly processing, accessing the stored data from NFS shares on the ingestion servers, and terminating the nightly processing sewers when complete.The Reserved Instance resewations are expiring, and the company needs to determine whether to purchase new reservations or implement a new design. Which is the most cost-effective design?
    - [ ] A. Update the ingestion process to use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to save data to Amazon S3. Use a fleet of On-Demand EC2 instances that launches each night to perform the batch processing of the S3 data and terminates when the processing completes.
    - [ ] B. Update the ingestion process to use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to save data to Amazon S3. Use AWS Batch to perform nightly processing with a Spot market bid of 50% of the On-Demand price.
    - [ ] C. Update the ingestion process to use a fleet ofEC2 Reserved Instances behind a Network Load Balancer with 3-year leases. Use Batch with Spot instances with a maximum bid of 50% of the On-Demand price for the nightly processmg.
    - [ ] D. Update the ingestion process to use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to save data to Amazon Redshift. Use an AWS Lambda function scheduled to run nightly with Amazon CloudWatch Events to query Amazon Redshift to generate the daily statistics.
22. A three-tier web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Cron daemons are used to trigger scripts that collect the web server, application, and database logs and send them to a centralized location every hour. Occasionally, scaling events or unplanned outages have caused the instances to stop before the latest logs were collected, and the log files were lost. Which of the following options is the MOST reliable way of collecting and presewing the log files?
    - [ ] A. Update the cron to run every 5 minutes instead of every hour to reduce the possibility of log messages being lost in an outage.
    - [ ] B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to trigger Amazon Systems Manager Run Command to invoke the log collection scripts more frequently to reduce the possibility of log messages being lost in an outage.
    - [ ] C. Use the Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent to stream log messages directly to CloudWatch Logs. Configure the agent with a batch count of I to reduce the possibility of log messages being lost in an outage.
    - [ ] D. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to trigger AWS Lambda to SSH into each running instance and invoke the log collection scripts more frequently to reduce the possibility of log messages being lost in an outage.
23. A company stores sales transaction data in Amazon DynamoDB tables. To detect anomalous behaviors and respond quickly, all changes to the items stored in the DynamoDB tables must be logged within 30 minutes. Which solution meets the requirements?
    - [ ] A. Copy the DynamoDB tables into Apache Hive tables on Amazon ENIR every hour and analyze them for anomalous behaviors. Send Amazon SNS notifications when anomalous behaviors are detected.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS CloudTrail to capture all the APIs that change the DynamoDB tables. Send SNS notifications when anomalous behaviors are detected using CloudTrail event filtering.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon DynamoDB Streams to capture and send updates to AWS Lambda. Create a Lambda function to output records to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Analyze any anomalies with Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics. Send SNS notifications when anomalous behaviors are detected.
    - [ ] D. Use event patterns in Amazon CloudWatch Events to capture DynamoDB API call events with an AWS Lambda function as a target to analyze behavior. Send SNS notifications when anomalous behaviors are detected.
24. A company is mnning multiple applications on Amazon EC2. Each application is deployed and managed by multiple business units. All applications are deployed on a single AWS account but on different virtual privateclouds (VPCs). The company uses a separate VPC in the same account for test and development purposes. Production applications suffered multiple outages when users accidentally terminated and modified resources that belonged to another business A Solutions Architect has been asked to improve the availability of the company applications while allowing the Developers access to the resources they need. Which option meets the requirements with the LEAST disruption?
    - [ ] A. Create an AWS account for each business unit. Move each business unit's instances to its own account and set up a federation to allow users to access their business unit's account.
    - [ ] B. Set up a federation to allow users to use their corporate credentials, and lock the users down to their own VPC. Use a network ACL to block each VPC from accessing other VPCs.
    - [ ] C. Implement a tagging policy based on business units. Create an IAM policy so that each user can terminate instances belonging to their own business units only.
    - [ ] D. Set up role-based access for each user and provide limited permissions based on individual roles and the services for which each user is responsible.
25. An enterprise luns 103 line-of-business applications on virtual machines in an on-premises data center. Many of the applications are simple PHP, Java, or Ruby web applications, are no longer actively developed, and serve little traffic. Which approach should be used to migrate these applications to AWS with the infrastmcture costs?
    - [ ] A. Deploy the applications to single-instance AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments without a load balancer.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS SMS to create AMIs for each virtual machine and run them in Amazon EC2.
    - [ ] C. Convert each application to a Docker image and deploy to a small Amazon ECS cluster behind an Application Load Balancer.
    - [ ] D. Use VM ImportExport to create AMIs for each virtual machine and run them in single-instance AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments by configuring a custom image.
26. A Solutions Architect must create a cost-effective backup solution for a company's 500MB source wxxxcode-style repository of proprietary and sensitive applications. The repositow runs on Linux and backs up daily to tape. Tape backups are stored for I year. The current solutions are not meeting the company's needs because it is a manual process that is prone to error, expensive to maintain, and does not meet the need for a Recovew Point Objective (RPO) of I hour or Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of 2 hours. The new disaster recove1Y requirement is for backups to be stored offsite and to be able to restore a single file if needed. Which solution meets the customer's needs for RTO, RPO, and disaster recovew with the LEAST effort and expense?
    - [ ] A. Replace local tapes with an AWS Storage Gateway virtual tape library to integrate with current backup software. Run backups nightly and store the virtual tapes on Amazon S3 standard storage in US-EAST-I. Use cross-region replication to create a second copy in US-WEST-2. Use Amazon S3 lifecycle policies to perform automatic migration to Amazon Glacier and deletion of expired backups after I year?
    - [ ] B. Configure the local source wxxxcode-style repository to synchronize files to an AWS Storage Gateway file Amazon gateway to store backup copies in an Amazon S3 Standard bucket. Enable versioning on the Amazon S3 bucket. Create Amazon S3 lifecycle policies to automatically migrate old versions of objects to Amazon S3 Standard 0 Infrequent Access, then Amazon Glacier, then delete backups after I year.
    - [ ] C. Replace the local source wxxxcode-style repository storage with a Storage Gateway stored volume. Change the default snapshot frequency to I hour. Use Amazon S3 lifecycle policies to archive snapshots to Amazon Glacier and remove old snapshots after I year. Use cross-region replication to run on create a copy of the snapshots in US-WEST-2.
    - [ ] D. Replace the local source wxxxcode-style repository storage with a Storage Gateway cached volume. Create a snapshot schedule to take hourly snapshots. Use an Amazon CloudWatch Eventsn schedule expression rule to run on hourly AWS Lambda task to copy snapshots from US-EAST -l to USWEST-2.
27. A company CFO recently analyzed the company's AWS monthly bill and identified an opportunity to reduce the cost for AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments in use. The CFO has asked a Solutions Architect to design a highly available solution that will spin up an Elastic Beanstalk environment in the morning and terminate it at the end of the day. The solution should be designed with minimal operational overhead and to minimize costs. It should also be able to handle the increased use of Elastic Beanstalk environments among different teams, and must provide a one-stop scheduler solution for all teams to keep the operational costs low. What design will meet these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Set up a Linux EC2 Micro instance. Configure an IAM role to allow the start and stop of the Elastic Beanstalk environment and attach it to the instance. Create scripts on the instance to start and stop the Elastic Beanstalk environment. Configure cron jobs on the instance to execute the scripts.
    - [ ] B. Develop AWS Lambda functions to start and stop the Elastic Beanstalk environment. Configure a Lambda execution role granting Elastic Beanstalk environment start/stop permissions, and assign the role to the Lambda functions. Configure cron expression Amazon CloudWatch Events rules to trigger the Lambda functions.
    - [ ] C. Step function is not used for this, and the role with step function will not help the worker task.
    - [ ] D. EC2 need to run during datetime.. and not really good solution.
28. A company plans to move regulated and security-sensitive businesses to AWS. The Security team is developing a framework to validate the adoption ofAWS best practice and industryrecognized compliance standards. The AWS Management Console is the preferred method for teams to provision resources. Which strategies should a Solutions Architect use to meet the business requirements and continuously assess, audit, and monitor the configurations ofAWS resources? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Use AWS Config rules to periodically audit changes to AWS resources and monitor the compliance of the configuration. Develop AWS Config custom rules using AWS Lambda to establish a test-driven development approach, and further automate the evaluation of configuration changes against the required controls.
    - [ ] B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent to collect all the AWS SDK logs. Search the log data using a pre-defined set of filter patterns that machines mutating API calls. Send notifications using Amazon CloudWatch alarms when unintended changes are performed. Archive log data by using a batch export to Amazon S3 and then Amazon Glacier for a long-term retention and auditability.
    - [ ] C. Use AWS CloudTrail events to assess management activities of all AWS accounts. Ensure that CloudTrail is enabled in all accounts and available AWS services. Enable trails, encrypt CloudTrail event log files with an AWS KMS key, and monitor recorded activities with CloudWatch Logs.
    - [ ] D. Use the Amazon CloudWatch Events near-real-time capabilities to monitor system events patterns, and trigger AWS Lambda functions to automatically revert non-authorized changes in AWS resources. Also, target Amazon SNS topics to enable notifications and improve the response time of incident responses.
    - [ ] E. Use CloudTrail integration with Amazon SNS to automatically notify unauthorized API activities. Ensure that CloudTrail is enabled in all accounts and available AWS services. Evaluate the usage of Lambda functions to automatically revert non-authorized changes in AWS resources.
29. A company is mnning a high-user-volume media-sharing application on premises. It currently hosts about 400 TB of data with millions of video files. The company is migrating this application to AWS to improve reliability and reduce costs. The Solutions Architecture team plans to store the videos in an Amazon S3 bucket and use Amazon CloudFront to distribute videos to users. The company needs to migrate this application to AWS 10 days with the least amount of downtime possible. The company currently has I Gbps connectivity to the Internet with 30 percent free capacity. Which of the following solutions would enable the company to migrate the workload to AWS and meet all of the requirements?
    - [ ] A. Use a multi-part upload in Amazon S3 client to parallel-upload the data to the Amazon S3 bucket over the Internet. Use the throttling feature to ensure that the Amazon S3 client does not use more than 30 percent of available Internet capacity.
    - [ ] B. Request an AWS Snowmobile with I PB capacity to be delivered to the data center. Load the data into Snowmobile and send it back to have AWS download that data to the Amazon S3 bucket. Sync the new data that was generated while migration was in flight.
    - [ ] C. Use an Amazon S3 client to transfer data from the data center to the Amazon S3 bucket over the Internet. Use the throttling feature to ensure the Amazon S3 client does not use more than 30 percent of available Internet capacit
    - [ ] D. Request multiple AWS Snowball devices to be delivered to the data center. Load the data concurrently into these devices and send it back. Have AWS download that data to the Amazon S3 bucket. Sync the new data that was generated while migration was in flight.
30. A company has developed a new billing application that will be released in two weeks. Developers are testing the application running on 10 EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling group in subnet 172.31.0.0/24 within VPC A with CIDR block 172.31.0.0/16. The Developers noticed connection timeout errors in the application logs while connecting to an Oracle database running on an Amazon EC2 instance in the same region within VPC B with CIDR block 172.50.0.0/16. The IP of the database instance is hard-wxxxcode-styled in the application instances. Which recommendations should a Solutions Architect present to the Developers to solve the problem in a secure way with minimal maintenance and overhead?
    - [ ] A. Disable the SrcDestCheck attribute for all instances mnning the application and Oracle Database. Change the default route ofVPC A to point ENI of the Oracle Database that has an IP address assigned within the range of 172.50.0.0/26
    - [ ] B. Create and attach internet gateways for both VPCs. Configure default routes to the Internet gateways for both VPCs. Assign an Elastic IP for each Amazon EC2 instance in VPC A
    - [ ] C. Create a VPC peering connection between the two VPCs and add a route to the routing table of VTC A that points to the IP address range of 172.50.0.0/16
    - [ ] D. Create an additional Amazon EC2 instance for each VPC as a customer gateway; create one virtual private gateway (VGW) for each VPC, configure an end-to-end VPC, and advertise the routes for 172.50.0.0/16
31. A Solutions Architect has been asked to look at a company's Amazon Redshift cluster, which has quickly become an integral part of its technology and supports key business process. The Solutions Architect is to increase the reliability and availability of the cluster and provide options to ensure that if an issue arises, the cluster can either operate or be restored within four hours. Which of the following solution options BEST addresses the business need in the most costeffective manner?
    - [ ] A. Ensure that the Amazon Redshift cluster has been set up to make use of Auto Scaling groups with the nodes in the cluster spread across multiple Availability Zones.
    - [ ] B. Ensure that the Amazon Redshift cluster creation has been template using AWS CloudFormation so it can easily be launched in another Availability Zone and data populated from the automated Redshift back-ups stored in Amazon S3.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to collect the data ahead of ingestion into Amazon Redshift and create clusters using AWS CloudFormation in another region and stream the data to both clusters.
    - [ ] D. Create two identical Amazon Redshift clusters in different regions (one as the primary, one as the secondary). Use Amazon S3 cross-region replication from the primary to secondary). Use Amazon S3 cross-region replication from the primary to secondary region, which triggers an AWS Lambda function to populate the cluster in the secondary region.
32. A company prefers to limit running Amazon EC2 instances to those that were launched from AMIs pre-approved by the Information Security department. The Development team has an agile continuous integration and deployment process that cannot be stalled by the solution. Which method enforces the required controls with the LEAST impact on the development process? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Use IAM policies to restrict the ability of users or other automated entities to launch EC2 instances based on a specific set of pre-approved AMIs, such as those tagged in a specific way by Information Security.
    - [ ] B. Use regular scans within Amazon Inspector with a custom assessment template to determine if the EC2 instance that the Amazon Inspector Agent is running on is based upon a pre-approved AMI. If it is not, shut down the instance and inform information Security by email that this occurred.
    - [ ] C. Only allow launching ofEC2 instances using a centralized DevOps team, which is given work packages via notifications from an internal ticketing system. Users make requests for resources using this ticketing tool, which has manual information security approval steps to ensure that EC2 instances are only launched from approved AMIs.
    - [ ] D. Use AWS Config rules to spot any launches of EC2 instances based on non-approved AMIs, trigger an AWS Lambda function to automatically terminate the instance, and publish a message to an Amazon SNS topic to inform Information Security that this occurred.
    - [ ] E. Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function to scan through the list of running instances within the virtual private cloud (VPC) and determine if any of these are based on unapproved AMIs. Publish a message to an SNS topic to inform Information Security that this occurred and then shut down the instance.
33. A Company has a security event whereby an Amazon S3 bucket with sensitive information was made public. Company policy is to never have public S3 objects, and the Compliance team must be informed immediately when any public objects are identified. How can the presence of a public S3 object be detected, set to trigger alarm notifications, and automatically remediated in the future? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Turn on object-level logging for Amazon S3. Turn on Amazon S3 event notifications to notify by using an Amazon SNS topic when a PutObject API call is made with a public-read permission.
    - [ ] B. Configure an Amazon CloudWatch Events rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function to secure the S3 bucket.
    - [ ] C. Use the S3 bucket permissions for AWS Trusted Advisor and configure a CloudWatch event to notify by using Amazon SNS.
    - [ ] D. Turn on object-level logging for Amazon S3. Configure a CloudWatch event to notify by using an SNS topic when a PutObject API call with public-read permission is detected in the AWS CloudTrail logs.
    - [ ] E. Schedule a recursive Lambda function to regularly change all object permissions inside the S3 bucket.
34. A company is using an Amazon CloudFront distribution to distribute both static and dynamic content from a web application mnning behind an Application Load Balancer. The web application requires user authorization and session tracking for dynamic content. The CloudFront distribution has a single cache behavior configured to forward the Authorization, Host, and User-Agent HTTP whitelist headers and a session cookie to the origin. All other cache behavior settings are set to their default value. A valid ACM certificate is applied to the CloudFront distribution with a matching CNAME in the distribution settings. The ACM certificate is also applied to the HTTPS listener for the Application Load Balancer. The CloudFront origin protocol policy is set to HTTPS only. Analysis of the cache statistics report shows that the miss rate for this distribution is very high. What can the Solutions Architect do to improve the cache hit rate for this distribution without causing the SSL/TLS handshake between CloudFront and the Application Load Balancer to fail?
    - [ ] A. Create two cache behaviors for static and dynamic content. Remove the User-Agent and Host HTTP headers from the whitelist headers section on both if the cache behaviors. Remove the session cookie from the whitelist cookies section and the Authorization HTTP header from the whitelist headers section for cache behavior configured for static content.
    - [ ] B. Remove the User-Agent and Authorization HTTPS headers from the whitelist headers section of the cache behavior. Then update the cache behavior to use presigned cookies for authorization.
    - [ ] C. Remove the Host HTTP header from the whitelist headers section and remove the session cookie from the whitelist cookies section for the default cache behavior. Enable automatic object compression and use Lambda@Edge viewer request events for user authorization.
    - [ ] D. Create two cache behaviors for static and dynamic content. Remove the User-Agent HTTP header from the whitelist headers section on both of the cache behaviors. Remove the session cookie from the whitelist cookies sectionand the Authorization HTTP header from the whitelist headers section for cache behavior configured for static content.
35. An organization has a write-intensive mobile application that uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB. The application has scaled well, however, costs have increased exponentially because of higher than anticipated Lambda costs. The application's use is unpredictable, but there has been a steady 20% increase in utilization every month. While monitoring the current Lambda functions, the Solutions Architect notices that the executiontime averages 4.5 minutes. Most of the wait time is the result ofa high-latency network call to a 3TB MySQL database server that is on-premises. A VPN is used to connect to the VPC, so the Lambda functions have been configured with a five-minute timeout. How can the Solutions Architect reduce the cost of the current architecmre?
    - [ ] A. Replace the with AWS Direct Connect to reduce the network latency to the on-premises MySQL database. Enable local caching in the mobile application to reduce the Lambda function invocation calls. Monitor the Lambda function performance; gradually adjust the timeout and memory properties to lower values while maintaining an acceptable execution time. Offload the frequently accessed records from DynamoDB to Amazon ElastiCache.
    - [ ] B. Replace the with AWS Direct Connect to reduce the network latency to the on-premises MySQL database. Cache the API Gateway results to Amazon CloudFront. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances instead of Lambda. Enable Auto Scaling on EC2, and use Spot Instances during peak times. Enable DynamoDB Auto Scaling to manage target utilization.
    - [ ] C. Migrate the MySQL database server into a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS for MySQL. Enable caching of the Amazon API Gateway results in Amazon CloudFront to reduce the number of Lambda function invocations. Monitor the Lambda function performance; gradually adjust the timeout and memoxy properties to lower values while maintaining an acceptable execution time. Enable DynamoDB Accelerator for frequently accessed records, and enable the DynamoDB Auto Scaling feature.
    - [ ] D. Migrate the MySQL database server into a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS for MySQL. Enable API caching on API Gateway to reduce the number of Lambda function invocations. Continue to monitor the AWS Lambda function performance; gradually adjust the timeout and memory properties to lower values while maintaining an acceptable execution time. Enable Auto Scaling in DynamoDB.
36. A company runs a video processing platform. Files are uploaded by users who connect to a web server, which stores them on an Amazon EFS share. This web server is mnning on a single Amazon EC2 instance. A different group of instances, ntnning in an Auto Scaling group, scans the EFS share directory structure for new files to process and generates new videos (thumbnails, different resolution, compression, etc.) according to the instmctions file, which is uploaded along with the video files. A different application mnning on a group of instances managed by an Auto Scaling group processes the video files and then deletes them from the EFS share. The results are stored in an S3 bucket. Links to the processed video files are emailed to the customer. The company has recently discovered that as they add more instances to the Auto Scaling Group, many files are processed twice, so image processing speed is not improved. The maximum size of these video files is 2GB. What should the Solutions Architect do to improve reliability and reduce the redundant processing of video files?
    - [ ] A. Modify the web application to upload the video files directly to Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudWatch Events to trigger an AWS Lambda function every time a file is uploaded, and have this Lambda function put a message into an Amazon queue for new files and use the queue depth metric to scale instances in the video processing Auto Scaling group.
    - [ ] B. Set up a cron job on the web server instance to synchronize the contents of the EFS share into Amazon S3. Trigger an AWS Lambda function every time a file is uploaded to process the video file and store the results in Amazon S3. Using Amazon CloudWatch Events trigger an Amazon SES job to send an email to the customer containing the link to the processed file.
    - [ ] C. Rewrite the web application to run directly from Amazon S3 and use Amazon API Gateway to upload the video files to an S3 bucket. Use an S3 trigger to run an AWS Lambda function each time a file is uploaded to process and store new video files in a different bucket. Using CloudWatch Events, trigger an SES job to send an email to the customer containing the link to the processed file.
    - [ ] D. Rewrite the application to run from Amazon S3 and upload the video files to an S3 bucket. Each time a new file is uploaded, trigger an AWS Lambda function to put a message in an SQS queue containing the link and the instructions. Modify the video processing application to read from the SQS queue and the S3 bucket. Use the queue depth metric to adjust the size of the Auto Scaling group for video processing instances.
37. A Solutions Architect must establish a patching plan for a large mixed fleet of Windows and Linux servers. The patching plan must be implemented securely, be audit ready, and comply with the company's business requirements. Which option will meet these requirements with MINIMAL effort?
    - [ ] A. Install and use an OS-native patching service to manage the update frequency and release approval for all instances. Use AWS Config to verify the OS state on each instance and report on any patch compliance issues.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS Systems Manager on all instances to manage patching. Test patches outside of production and then deploy during a maintenance window with the appropriate approval.
    - [ ] C. Use AWS OpsWorks for Chef Automate to run a set of scripts that will iterate through all instances of a given type. Issue the appropriate OS command to get and install updates on each instance, including any required restarts during the maintenance window.
    - [ ] D. Migrate all applications to AWS OpsWorks and use OpsWorks automatic patching support to keep the OS up-to-date following the initial installation. Use AWS Config to provide audit and compliance reporting.
38. A Solutions Architect must design a highly available, stateless, REST service. The service will require multiple persistent storage layers for sewice object meta information and the delivery of content. Each request needs to be authenticated and securely processed. There is a requirement to keep costs as low as possible? How can these requirements be met?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS Fargate to host a container that runs a self-contained REST service. Set up an Amazon ECS service that is fronted by an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Use a custom authenticator to control access to the APL Store request meta information in Amazon DynamoDB with Auto Scaling and static content in a secured S3 bucket. Make secure signed requests for Amazon S3 objects and proxy the data through the REST service interface.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS Fargate to host a container that runs a self-contained REST service. Set up an ECS service that is fronted by a cross-zone ALB. Use anAmazon Cognito user pool to control access to the APL Store request meta information in DynamoDB with Auto Scaling and static content in a secured S3 bucket. Generate presigned URLs when returning references to content stored in Amazon S3.
    - [ ] C. Set up Amazon API Gateway and create the required API resources and methods. Use an Amazon Cognito user pool to control access to the API. Configure the methods to use AWS Lambda proxy integrations, and process each resource with a unique AWS Lambda function. Store request meta information in DynamoDB with Auto Scaling and static content in a secured S3 bucket. Generate presigned URLs when returning references to content stored in Amazon S3.
    - [ ] D. Set up Amazon API Gateway and create the required API resources and methods. Use an Amazon API Gateway custom authorizer to control access to the APL Configure the methods to use AWS Lambda custom integrations, and process each resource with a unique Lambda function. Store request meta information in an Amazon ElastiCache Multi-AZ cluster and static content in a secured S3 bucket. Generate presigned URLs when returning references to content stored in Amazon S3.
39. A large company experienced a drastic increase in its monthly AWS spend. This is after Developers accidentally launched Amazon EC2 instances in unexpected regions. The company has established practices around least privileges for Developers and controls access to onpremises resources using Active Directow groups. The company now want to control costs by restricting the level of access that Developers have to the AWS Management Console without impacting their productivity. The company would also like to allow Developers to launch Amazon EC2 in only one region, without limiting access to other services in any region. How can this company achieve these new security requirements while minimizing the administrative burden on the Operations team?
    - [ ] A. Set up SAML-based authentication tied to an IAM role that has an AdministrativeAccess managed policy attached to it. Attach a customer managed policy that denies access to Amazon EC2 in each region except for the one required.
    - [ ] B. Create an IAM user for each Developer and add them to the developer IAM group that has the PowerUserAccess managed policy attached to it. Attach a customer managed policy that allows the Developers access to Amazon EC2 only in the required region.
    - [ ] C. Set up SAML-based authentication tied to an IAM role that has a PowerUserAccess managed policy and a customer managed policy that deny all the Developers access to any AWS services except AWS Service Catalog. Within AWS Service Catalog, create a product containing only the EC2 resources in the approved region.
    - [ ] D. Set up SAML-based authentication tied to an IAM role that has the PowerUserAccess managed policy attached to it. Attach a customer managed policy that denies access to Amazon EC2 in each region except for the one required.
40. A company is finalizing the architecture for its backup solution for applications running on AWS. All of the applications run on AWS and use at least two Availability Zones in each tier. Company policy requires IT to durably store nightly backups f all its data in at least two locations:production and disaster recovery. The locations must be in different geographic regions. The company also needs the backup to be available to restore immediately at the production data center, and within 24 hours at the disaster recovery location. All backup processes must be fully automated. What is the MOST cost-effective backup solution that will meet all requirement
    - [ ] A. Back up all the data to a large Amazon EBS volume attached to the backup media server in the production region. Run automated scripts to snapshot these volumes nightly, and copy these snapshots to the disaster recovery region.
    - [ ] B. Back up all the data to Amazon S3 in the disaster recovexy region. Use a lifecycle policy to move this data to Amazon Glacier in the production region immediately. Only the data is replicated; remove the data from the S3 bucket in the disaster recovery region.
    - [ ] C. Back up all the data to Amazon Glacier in the production region. Set up cross-region replication of this data to Amazon Glacier in the disaster recovery region. Set up a lifecycle policy to delete any data older than 60 days.
    - [ ] D. Back up all the data to Amazon S3 in the production region. Set up cross-region replication of this S3 bucket to another region and set up a lifecycle policy in the second region to immediately move this data to Amazon Glacier.
41. A company has an existing on-premises three-tier web application. The Linux web servers serve content from a centralized file share on a NAS sewer because the content is refreshed several times a day from various sources. The existing infrastmcture is not optimized and the company would like to move to AWS in order to gain the ability to scale resources up and down in response to load. On-premises and AWS resources are connected using AWS Direct Connect. How can the company migrate the web infrastmcture to AWS without delaying the content refresh process?
    - [ ] A. Create a cluster of web server Amazon EC2 instances behind a Classic Load Balancer on AWS. Share an Amazon EBS volume among all instances for the content. Schedule a periodic synchronization of this volume and the NAS server.
    - [ ] B. Create an on-premises file gateway using AWS Storage Gateway to replace the NAS server and replicate content to AWS. On the AWS side, mount the same Storage Gateway bucket to each web server Amazon EC2 instance toserve the content.
    - [ ] C. Expose an Amazon EFS share to on-premises users to serve as the NAS serve. Mount the same EFS share to the web server Amazon EC2 instances to serve the content.
    - [ ] D. Create web server Amazon EC2 instances on AWS in an Auto Scaling group. Configure a nightly process where the web server instances are updated from the NAS server.
42. A company has multiple AWS accounts hosting IT applications. An Amazon CloudWatch Logs agent is installed on all Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to aggregate all security events in a centralized AWS account dedicated to log storage. Security Administrators need to perform near-real-time gathering and correlating of events across multiple AWS accounts. Which solution satisfies these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Create a Log Audit IAM role in each application AWS account with permissions to view CloudWatch Logs, configure an AWS Lambda function to assume the Log Audit role, and perform an hourly export of CloudWatch Logs data to an Amazon S3 bucket in the logging AWS account.
    - [ ] B. Configure CloudWatch Logs streams in each application AWS account to forward events to CloudWatch Logs in the logging AWS account. In the logging AWS account, subscribe an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose stream to Amazon CloudWatch Events, and use the stream to persist log data in Amazon S3.
    - [ ] C. Create Amazon Kinesis Data Streams in the logging account, subscribe the stream to CloudWatch Logs streams in each application AWS account, configure an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream with the Data Streams as its source, and persist the log data in an Amazon S3 bucket inside the logging AWS account.
    - [ ] D. Configure CloudWatch Logs agents to publish data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose stream in the logging AWS account, use an AWS Lambda function to read messages from the stream and push messages to Data Firehose, and persist the data in Amazon S3.
43. A company has a serverless application comprised of Amazon CloudFront, Amazon API Gateway, and AWS Lambda ftnctions. The current deployment process of the application wxxxcode-style is to create a new version number of the Lambda function and run an AWS CLI script to update. Ifthe new function version has errors, another CLI script reverts by deploying the previous working version of the function. The company would like to decrease the time to deploy new versions of the application logic provided by the Lambda functions, and also reduce the time to detect and revert when errors are identified. How can this be accomplished?
    - [ ] A. Create and deploy nested AWS CloudFormation stacks with the parent stack consisting of the AWS CloudFront distribution and API Gateway, and the child stack containing the Lambda function. For changes to Lambda, create an AWS CloudFormation change set and deploy; if errors are triggered, revert the AWS CloudFormation change set to the previous version.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS SAM and built-in AWS CodeDeploy to deploy the new Lambda version, gradually shift traffic to the new version, and use pre-traffic and post-traffic test functions to verify wxxxcode-style. Rollback ifAmazon CloudWatch alarms are triggered.
    - [ ] C. Refactor the AWS CLI scripts into a single script that deploys the new Lambda version. When deployment is completed, the script tests execute. If errors are detected, revert to the previous Lambda version.
    - [ ] D. Create and deploy an AWS CloudFormation stack that consists of a new API Gateway endpoint that references the new Lambda version. Change the CloudFront origin to the new API Gateway endpoint, monitor errors and if detected, change the AWS CloudFront origin to the previous API Gateway endpoint.
44. A company is mnning a .NET three-tier web application on AWS. The team currently uses XL storage optimized instances to store serve the website's image and video files on local instance storage. The company has encountered issues with data loss from replication and instance failures. The Solutions Architect has been asked to redesign this application to improve its reliability while keeping costs low. Which solution will meet these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Set up a new Amazon EFS share, move all image and video files to this share, and then attach this new drive as a mount point to all existing servers. Create an Elastic Load Balancer with Auto Scaling general purpose instances. Enable Amazon CloudFront to the Elastic Load Balancer. Enable Cost Explorer and use AWS Trusted advisor checks to continue monitoring the environment for future savings.
    - [ ] B. Implement Auto Scaling with general purpose instance types and an Elastic Load Balancer. Enable an Amazon CloudFront distribution to Amazon S3 and move images and video files to Amazon S3. Reserve general purpose instances to meet base performance requirements. Use Cost Explorer and AWS Trusted Advisor checks to continue monitoring the environment for future savings.
    - [ ] C. Move the entire website to Amazon S3 using the S3 website hosting feature. Remove all the web servers and have Amazon S3 communicate directly with the application servers in Amazon VPC.
    - [ ] D. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to deploy the .NET application. Move all images and video files to Amazon EFS. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that points to the EFS share. Reserve the m4.4xl instances needed to meet base performance requirements.
45. A company has developed a web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances in one AWS Region. The company has taken on new business in other countries and must deploy its application into other to meet low-latency requirements for its users. The regions can be segregated, and an application mnning in one region does not need to communicate with instances in other regions. How should the company's Solutions Architect automate the deployment of the application so that it can be MOST efficiently deployed into multiple regions?
    - [ ] A. Write a bash script that uses the AWS CLI to query the current state in one region and output a JSON representation. Pass the JSON representation to the AWS CLI, specifying the --region parameter to deploy the application to other regions.
    - [ ] B. Write a bash script that uses the AWS CLI to query the current state in one region and output an AWS CloudFormation template. Create a CloudFormation stack from the template by using the AWS CLI, specifying the --region parameter to deploy the application to other regions.
    - [ ] C. Write a CloudFormation template describing the application's infrastructure in the resources section. Create a CloudFormation stack from the template by using the AWS CLI, specify multiple regions using the -ter to deploy the application.-regions parame
    - [ ] D. Write a CloudFormation template describing the application's infrastructure in the Resources section. Use a CloudFormation stack set from an administrator account to launch stack instances that deploy the application to other reglons.
46. A media company has a 30-TB repository of digital news videos. These videos are stored on tape in an on-premises tape libraw and referenced by a Media Asset Management (MAM) system. The company wants to enrich the metadata for these videos in an automated fashion and put them into a searchable catalog by using a MAM feature. The company must be able to search based on information in the video, such as objects, scenery items, or people's faces. A catalog is available that contains faces of people who have appeared in the videos that include an image of each person. The company would like to migrate these videos to AWS. The company has a high-speed AWS Direct Connect connection with AWS and would like to move the MAM solution video content directly from its current file system. How can these requirements be met by using the LEAST amount of ongoing management overhead and causing MINIMAL dismption to the existing system?
    - [ ] A. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway, file gateway appliance on premises. Use the MAM solution to extract the videos from the current archive and push them into the file gateway. Use the catalog of faces to build a collection in Amazon Rekognition. Build an AWS Lambda function that invokes the Rekognition Javascript SDK to have Rekognition pull the video from the Amazon S3 files backing the file gateway, retrieve the required metadata, and push the metadata into the MAM solution.
    - [ ] B. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway, tape gateway appliance on-premises. Use the MAM solution to extract the videos from the current archive and push them into the tape gateway. Use the catalog of faces to build a collection in Amazon Rekognition. Build an AWS Lambda function that invokes the Rekognition Javascript SDK to have Amazon Rekognition process the video in the tape gateway, retrieve the required metadata, and push the metadata into the MAM solution.
    - [ ] C. Configure a video ingestion stream by using Amazon Kinesis Video Streams. Use the catalog of faces to build a collection in Amazon Rekognition. Stream the videos from the MAM solution into Kinesis Video Streams. Configure Amazon Rekognition to process the streamed videos. Then, use a stream consumer to retrieve the required metadata, and push the metadata into the MAM solution. Configure the stream to store the videos in Amazon S3.
    - [ ] D. Set up an Amazon EC2 instance that runs the OpenCV libraries. Copy the video, images, and face catalog from the on-premisesin into an Amazon EBS volume mounted on this EC2 instance. Process the video to retriev the required metadata, and push the metadata into the MAM solution while also copying the video files to an Amazon S3 bucket.
47. A company is planning the migration of several lab environments used for software testing. An assortment of custom tooling is used to manage the test runs for each lab. The labs use immutable infrastmcture for the soft ware test mns, and the results are stored in a highly available SQL database cluster. Although completely rewriting the custom tooling is out of scope for the migration project, the company would like to optimize workloads during the migration. Which application migration strategy meets this requirement?
    - [ ] A. Re-host
    - [ ] B. Re-platform
    - [ ] C. Re-factor/re-architect
    - [ ] D. Retire
48. A company is implementing a multi-account strategy; however, the Management team has expressed concerns that sewices like DNS may become overly complex. The company needs a solution that allows private DNS to be shared among virtual private clouds (VPCs) in different accounts. The company will have approximately 50 accounts in total. What solution would create the LEAST complex DNS architecture and ensure that each VPC can resolve all AWS resources?
    - [ ] A. Create a shared services VPC in a central account, and create a VPC peering connection from the shared services VPC to each of the VTCs in the other accounts. Within Amazon Route 53, create a privately hosted zone in the shared services VPC and resource record sets for the domain and subdomains. Programmatically associate other VPCs with the hosted zone.
    - [ ] B. Create a VPC peering connection among the VPCs in all accounts. Set the VPC attributes enableDnsHostnames and enableDnsSupport to "true" for each VQC. Create an Amazon Route 53 private zone for each VPC. Create resource record sets for the domain and subdomains. Programmatically associate the hosted zones in each VPC with the other VPCs.
    - [ ] C. Create a shared services VPC in a central account. Create a VPC peering connection from the VPCs in other accounts to the shared services VPC. Create an Amazon Route 53 privately hosted zone in the shared services WTC with resource record sets for the domain and subdomains. Allow UDP and TCP port 53 over the VPC peering connections.
    - [ ] D. Set the VPC attributes enableDnsHostnames and enableDnsSupport to "false" in every VPC. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection with a private virtual interface. Allow UDP and TCP port 53 over the virtual interface. Use the on-premises DNS servers to resolve the IP addresses in each VPC on AWS.
49. A company has released a new version ofa website to target an audience in Asia and South America. The website's media assets are hosted on Amazon S3 and have anAmazon CloudFront distribution to improve end-user performance. However, users are having a poor login experience the authentication service is only available in the us-east-I AWS Region. How can the Solutions Architect improve the login experience and maintain high security and performance with minimal management overhead?
    - [ ] A. Replicate the setup in each new geography and use Amazon Route 53 geo-based routing to route traffic to the AWS Region closest to the users.
    - [ ] B. Use an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution. Use CloudFront cached HTTP methods to improve the user login experience.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon Lambda@Edge attached to the CloudFront viewer request trigger to authenticate and authorize users by maintaining a secure cookie token with a session expiry to improve the user experience in multiple geographles.
    - [ ] D. Replicate the setup in each geography and use Network Load Balancers to route traffic to the authentication service running in the closest region to users.
50. A company has a standard three-tier architecture using two Availability Zones. During the company's off season, users report that the website is not working. The Solutions Architect finds that no changes have been made to the environment recently, the website is reachable, and it is possible to log in. However, when the Solutions Architect selects the "find a store near you" function, the maps provided on the site by a third-party RESTful API call do not work about 50% of the time after refreshing the page. The outbound API calls are made through Amazon EC2 NAT instances. What is the MOST likely reason for this failure and how can it be mitigated in the fumre?
    - [ ] A. The network ACL for one subnet is blocking outbound web traffic. Open the networkACL and prevent administration from making future changes through IAM.
    - [ ] B. The fault is in the third-party environment. Contact the third party that provides the maps and request a fix that will provide better uptime.
    - [ ] C. One NAT instance has become overloaded. Replace both EC2 NAT instances with a larger-sized instance and make sure to account for grmvth when making the new instance size.
    - [ ] D. One of the NAT instances failed. Recommend replacing the EC2 NAT instances with a NAT gateway.
51. A company is migrating to the cloud. It wants to evaluate the configurations of virtual machines in its existing data center environment to ensure that it can size new Amazon EC2 instances accurately. The company wants to collect metrics, such as CPU, memory, and disk utilization, and it needs an inventory of what processes are running on each instance. The company would also like to monitor network connections to map communications between servers. Which would enable the collection of this data MOST cost effectively?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS Application Discovery Service and deploy the data collection agent to each virtual machine in the data center.
    - [ ] B. Configure the Amazon CloudWatch agent on all servers within the local environment and publish metrics to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
    - [ ] C. Use AWS Application Discovexy Service and enable agentless discovexy in the existing virtualization environment.
    - [ ] D. Enable AWS Application Discovery Service in the AWS Management Console and configure the corporate firewall to allow scans over a VPN.
52. A company will several AWS accounts is using AWS Organizations and service control policies (SCPs). An Administrator created the following SCP and has attached it to an organizational unit (OU) that contains AWS account 1111-1111-1111:

    ```json
    {
        "Version": 2012-10-27,
        "Statement": [
            {
                "Sid": "AllowsA11Actions",
                "Effect": "Allow",
                "Action": "*",
                "Resource" : "*"
            },
            {
                "Sid": "DenyC10udTrai1",
                "Effect": "Deny",
                "Action": "cloudtrail",
                "Resource" : "*"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

  Developers working in account 1111-1111-1111 complain that they cannot create Amazon S3 buckets. How should the Administrator address this problem?
    - [ ] A. Add s3 :CreateBucket with "Allow" effect to the SCP.
    - [ ] B. Remove the account from the OU and attach the SCP directly to account 1111-1111-1111.
    - [ ] C. Instruct the Developers to add Amazon S3 permissions to their IAM entities.
    - [ ] D. Remove the SCP from account 1111-1111-1111.
53. A company that provides wireless services need a solution to store and analyze log files about user activites. Currently, log files are delivered daily to Amazon Linux on Amazon EC2 instance. A batch script is run once a day to aggregate data used for analysis by a third-party tool. The data pushed to the third-party tool is used to generate a visualization for end users. The batch script is cumbersome to maintain, and it takes several hours to deliver the ever-increasing data volumes to the third-party tool. The company wants to lower costs, and is open to considering a new tool that minimizes development effort and lowers administrative overhead. The company wants to build a more agile solution that can store and perform the analysis in near-real time, with minimal overhead. The solution needs to be cost effective and scalable to meet the company's end-user base growth. Which solution meets the company's requirements?
    - [ ] A. Develop a Python script to failure the data from Amazon EC2 in real time and store the data in Amazon S3. Use a copy command to copy data from Amazon S3 to Amazon Redshift. Connect a business intelligence tool running on Amazon EC2 to Amazon Redshift and create the visualizations.
    - [ ] B. Use an Amazon Kinesis agent running on an EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group to collect and send the data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. The Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream will deliver the data directly to Amazon ES. Use Kibana to visualize the data.
    - [ ] C. Use an in-memory caching application running on an Amazon EBS-optimized EC2 instance to capture the log data in near real-time. Install an Amazon ES cluster on the same EC2 instance to store the log files as they are delivered to Amazon EC2 in near real-time. Install a Kibana plugin to create the visualizations.
    - [ ] D. Use an Amazon Kinesis agent running on an EC2 instance to collect and send the data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivexy stream. The Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream will deliver the data to Amazon S3. Use an AWS Lambda function to deliver the data from Amazon S3 to Amazon EST Use Kibana to visualize the data.
54. A company wants to move a web application to AWS. The application stores session information locally on each web sewer, which will make auto scaling difficult. As part of the migration, the application will be rewritten to decouple the session data from the web servers. The company requires low latency, scalability, and availability. Which service will meet the requirements for storing the session information in the MOST costeffective way?
    - [ ] A. Amazon ElastiCache with the Memcached engine
    - [ ] B. Amazon S3
    - [ ] C. Amazon RDS MySQL
    - [ ] D. Amazon ElastiCache with the Redis engine
55. A company has an Amazon EC2 deployment that has the following architecmre:-An application tier that contains 8 m4.xlarge instances -A Classic Load Balancer -Amazon S3 as a persistent data store After one of the EC2 instances fails, users report very slow processing of their requests. A Solutions Architect must recommend design changes to maximize system reliability. The solution must minimize costs. What should the Solution Architect recommend?
    - [ ] A. Migrate the existing EC2 instances to a serverless deployment using AWS Lambda functions
    - [ ] B. Change the Classic Load Balancer to an Application Load Balancer
    - [ ] C. Replace the application tier with m4.large instances in an Auto Scaling group
    - [ ] D. Replace the application tier with 4 m4.2xlarge instances
56. An on-premises application will be migrated to the cloud. The application consists of a single Elasticsearch virtual machine with data source feeds from local systems that will not be migrated, and a Java web application on Apache Tomcat lunning on three virtual machines. The Elasticsearch server currently uses I TB of storage out of 16 TB available storage, and the web application is updated eve1Y 4 months. Multiple users access the web application from the Internet. There is a IOGbit AWS Direct Connect connection established, and the application can be migrated over a schedules 48-hour change window. Which strategy will have the LEAST impact on the Operations staff after the migration?
    - [ ] A. Create an Elasticsearch server on Amazon EC2 right-sized with 2 TB of Amazon EBS and a public AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment for the web application. Pause the data sources, export the Elasticsearch index from on premises, and import into the EC2 Elasticsearch server. Move data source feeds to the new Elasticsearch server and move users to the web application.
    - [ ] B. Create an Amazon ES cluster for Elasticsearch and a public AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment for the web application. Use AWS DMS to replicate Elasticsearch data. When replication has finished, move data source feeds to the new Amazon ES cluster endpoint and move users to the new web application.
    - [ ] C. Use the AWS SMS to replicate the virtual machines into AWS. When the migration is complete, pause the data source feeds and start the migrated Elasticsearch and web application instances. Place the web application instances behind a public Elastic Load Balancer. Move the data source feeds to the new Elasticsearch server and move users to the new web Application Load Balancer.
    - [ ] D. Create an Amazon ES cluster for Elasticsearch and a public AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment for the web application. Pause the data source feeds, export the Elasticsearch index from on premises, and import into the Amazon ES cluster. Move the data source feeds to the new Amazon ES cluster endpoint and move users to the new web application.
57. A company's application is increasingly popular and experiencing latency because of high volume reads on the database sewer. The service has the following properties:-A highly available REST API hosted in one region using Application Load Balancer (ALB) with auto scaling. -A MySQL database hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone. -The company wants to reduce latency, increase in-region database read performance, and have multi-region disaster recovery capabilities that can perform a live recovew automatically without any data or performance loss (HADR). Which deployment strategy will meet these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS CloudFormation StackSets to deploy the API layer in two regions. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora with MySQL database cluster with multiple read replicas in one region and a read replica in a different region than the source database cluster. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks to trigger a DNS failover to the standby region if the health checks to the primaxy load balancer fail. In the event of Route 53 failover, promote the cross-region database replica to be the master and build out new read replicas in the standby region.
    - [ ] B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis Multi-AZ with an automatic failover to cache the database read queries. Use AWS OpsWorks to deploy the API layer, cache layer, and existing database layer in two regions. In the event of failure, use Amazon Route 53 health checks on the database to trigger a DNS failover to the standby region if the health checks in the primary region fail. Back up the MySQL database frequently, and in the event ofa failure in an active region, copy the backup to the standby region and restore the standby database.
    - [ ] C. Use AWS CloudFormation StackSets to deploy the API layer in two regions. Add the database to an Auto Scaling group. Add a read replica to the database in the second region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks in the primaregion fail. Promote the cross-region database replica to be the master and build out new read replicas in the standby region.
    - [ ] D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis Multi-AZ with an automatic failover to cache the database read queries. Use AWS OpsWorks to deploy the API layer, cache layer, and existing database layer in two regions. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks on the ALB to trigger a DNS failover to the standby region if the health checks in the primary region fail. Back up the MySQL database frequently, and in the event of a failure in an active region, copy the backup to the standby region and restore the standby database.
58. A company runs a three-tier application in AWS. Users report that the application performance can vaty greatly depending on the time of day and functionality being accessed. The application includes the following components:-Eight t2.large front-end web servers that sewe static content and proxy dynamic content from the application tier. -Four t2.large application sewers. -One db.m4.large Amazon RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. Operations has determined that the web and application tiers are network constrained. Which of the following should cost effective improve application performance? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Replace web and app tiers with t2.xlarge instances
    - [ ] B. Use AWS Auto Scaling and m4.large instances for the web and application tiers
    - [ ] C. Convert the MySQL RDS instance to a self-managed MySQL cluster on Amazon EC2
    - [ ] D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache content
    - [ ] E. Increase the size of the Amazon RDS instance to db.m4.xlarge
59. An online retailer needs to regularly process large product catalogs, which are handled in batches. These are sent out to be processed by people using the Amazon Mechanical Turk service, but the retailer has asked its Solutions Architect to design a workflow orchestration system that allows it to handle multiple concurrent Mechanical Turk operations, deal with the result assessment process, and reprocess failures. Which of the following options gives the retailer the ability to interrogate the state of every workflow with the LEAST amount of implementation effort?
    - [ ] A. Trigger Amazon CloudWatch alarms based upon message visibility in multiple Amazon SQS queues (one queue per workflow stage) and send messages via Amazon SNS to trigger AWS Lambda functions to process the next step. Use Amazon ES and Kibana to visualize Lambda processing logs to see the workflow states.
    - [ ] B. Hold workflow information in an Amazon RDS instance with AWS Lambda functions polling RDS for status changes. Worker Lambda functions then process the next workflow steps. Amazon QuickSight will visualize workflow states directly out of Amazon RDS.
    - [ ] C. Build the workflow in AWS Step Functions, using it to orchestrate multiple concurrent workflows. The status of each workflow can be visualized in the AWS Management Console, and historical data can be written to Amazon S3 and visualized using Amazon QuickSight.
    - [ ] D. Use Amazon SWF to create a workflow that handles a single batch of catalog records with multiple worker tasks to extract the data, transform it, and send it through Mechanical Turk. Use Amazon ES and Kibana to visualize AWS Lambda processing logs to see the workflow states.
60. An organization has two Amazon EC2 instances:-The first is mnning an ordering application and an inventory application. -The second is mnning a queuing system. During certain times of the year, several thousand orders are placed per second. Some orders were lost when the queuing system was down. Also, the organization's inventory application has the incorrect quantity of products because some orders were processed twice. What should be done to ensure that the applications can handle the increasing number of orders?
    - [ ] A. Put the ordering and inventoxy applications into their own AWS Lambda functions. Have the ordering application write the messages into an Amazon SQS FIFO queue.
    - [ ] B. Put the ordering and inventory applications into their own Amazon ECS containers and create an Auto Scaling group for each application. Then, deploy the message queuing server in multiple Availability Zones.
    - [ ] C. Put the ordering and inventory applications into their own Amazon EC2 instances, and create an Auto Scaling group for each application. Use Amazon SQS standard queues for the incoming orders, and implement idempotency in the inventory application.
    - [ ] D. Put the ordering and inventoxy applications into their own Amazon EC2 instances. Write the incoming orders to an Amazon Kinesis data stream Configure AWS Lambda to poll the stream and update the inventory application.
61. A company is migrating its on-premises build artifact server to an AWS solution. The current system consists of an Apache HTTP server that serves artifacts to clients on the local network, restricted by the perimeter firewall. The artifact consumers are largely build automation scripts that download artifacts via anonymous HTTP, which the company will be unable to modify within its migration timetable. The company decides to move the solution to Amazon S3 static website hosting. The aftifact consumers will be migrated to Amazon EC2 instances located within both public and private subnets in a virtual private cloud (VPC). Which solution will permit the artifact consumers to download artifacts without modifying the existing automation scripts?
    - [ ] A. Create a NAT gateway within a public subnet of the VPC. Add a default route pointing to the NAT gateway into the route table associated with the subnets containing consumers. Configure the bucket policy to allow the s3 :ListBucket and s3 :GetObject actions using the condition IpAddress and the condition key aws:SourceIp matching the elastic IP address if the NAT gateway.
    - [ ] B. Create a VPC endpoint and add it to the route table associated with subnets containing consumers. Configure the bucket policy to allow s3 :ListBucket and s3:GetObject actions using the condition and the condition key aws:sourceVpce matching the identification of the VPC StringEquals endpoint.
    - [ ] C. Create an IAM role and instance profile for Amazon EC2 and attach it to the instances that consume build artifacts. Configure the bucket policy to allow the s3:ListBucket and s3 :GetObjects actions for the principal matching the IAM role created.
    - [ ] D. Create a VPC endpoint and add it to the route table associated with subnets containing consumers. Configure the bucket policy to allow s3 :ListBucket and s3:GetObject actions using the condition and the condition key aws:Sourcelp matching the VPC CIDR block.
62. A group of research institutions and hospitals are in a pannership to study 2 PBS of genomic data. The institute that owns the data stores it in an Amazon S3 bucket and updates it regularly. The institute would like to give all of the organizations in the partnership read access to the data. All members of the partnership are extremely cost-conscious, and the institute that owns the account with the S3 bucket is concerned about covering the costs for requests and data transfers from Amazon S3. Which solution allows for secure datasharing without causing the institute that owns the bucket to assume all the costs for S3 requests and data transfers?
    - [ ] A. Ensure that all organizations in the partnership have AWS accounts. In the account with the S3 bucket, create a cross-account role for each account in the partnership that allows read access to the data. Have the organizations assume and use that read role when accessing the data.
    - [ ] B. Ensure that all organizations in the partnership have AWS accounts. Create a bucket policy on the bucket that owns the data. The policy should allow the accounts in the partnership read access to the bucket. Enable Requester Pays on the bucket. Have the organizations use their AWS credentials when accessing the data.
    - [ ] C. Ensure that all organizations in the partnership have AWS accounts. Configure buckets in each of the accounts with a bucket policy that allows the institute that owns the data the ability to write to the bucket. Periodically sync the data from the institute's account to the other organizations. Have the organizations use their AWS credentials when accessing the data using their accounts.
    - [ ] D. Ensure that all organizations in the partnership have AWS accounts. In the account with the S3 bucket, create a cross-account role for each account in the partnership that allows read access to the data. Enable Requester Pays on the bucket. Have the organizations assume and use that read role when accessing the data.
63. A company currently uses a single I Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection to establish connectivity between an AWS Region and its data center. The company has five Amazon VPCs, all of which are connected to the data center using the same Direct Connect connection. The Network team is worried about the single point of failure and is interested in improving the redundancy of the connections to AWS while keeping costs to a minimum. Which solution would improve the redundancy of the connection to AWS while meeting the cost requirements?
    - [ ] A. Provision another I Gbps Direct Connect connection and create new VIFs to each of the VPCs. Configure the VIFs in a load balancing fashion using BGP.
    - [ ] B. Set up VPN tunnels from the data center to each VPC. Terminate each VPN tunnel at the virtual private gateway (VGW) of the respective VPC and set up BGP for route management.
    - [ ] C. Set up a new point-to-point Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) connection to the AWS Region that's being used. Configure BGP to use this new circuit as passive, so that no traffic flows through this unless the AWS DirectConnect fails.
    - [ ] D. Create a public V IF on the Direct Connect connection and set up a VPN tunnel which will terminate on the virtual private gateway (VGW) of the respective VPC using the public V IF. Use BGP to handle the failover to the VPN
connection.
64. A company currently uses Amazon EBS and Amazon RDS for storage purposes. The company intends to use a pilot light approach for disaster recovery in a different AWS Region. The company has an RTO of 6 hours and an RPO of 24 hours. Which solution would achieve the requirements with MINIMAL cost?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS Lambda to create daily EBS and RDS snapshots, and copy them to the disaster recovery region. Use Amazon Route 53 with active-passive failover configuration. Use Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group with the capacity set to 0 in the disaster recovery region.
    - [ ] B. Use AWS Lambda to create daily EBS and RDS snapshots, and copy them to the disaster recovery region. Use Amazon Route 53 with active-active failover configuration. Use Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group configured in the same way as in the primary region.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon ECS to handle long-mnning tasks to create daily EBS and RDS snapshots, and copy to the disaster recovery region. Use Amazon Route 53 with active-passive failover configuration. Use Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group with the capacity set to 0 in the disaster recovery region.
    - [ ] D. Use EBS and RDS cross-region snapshot copy capability to create snapshots in the disaster recovexy region. Use Amazon Route 53 with active-active failover configuration. Use Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group with the capacity set to 0 in the disaster recovexy region.
65. A company needs to cost-effectively persist small data records (up to I KiB) for up to 30 days. The data is read rarely. When reading the data, a 5-minute delay is acceptable. Which of the following solutions achieve this goal? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Use Amazon S3 to collect multiple records in one S3 object. Use a lifecycle configuration to move data to Amazon Glacier immediately after write. Use expedited retrievals when reading the data.
    - [ ] B. Write the records to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose and configure Kinesis Data Firehose to deliver the data to Amazon S3 after 5 minutes. Set an expiration action at 30 days on the S3 bucket.
    - [ ] C. Use an AWS Lambda function invoked via Amazon API Gateway to collect data for 5 minutes. Write data to Amazon S3 just before the Lambda execution stops.
    - [ ] D. Write the records to Amazon DynamoDB configured with a Time To Live (TTL) of 30 days. Read data using the Getltem or BatchGetItem call.
    - [ ] E. Write the records to an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis. Configure the Redis append-only file (AOF) persistence logs to write to Amazon S3. Recover from the log if the ElastiCache instance has failed.
66. A Development team is deploying new APIs as serverless applications within a company. The team is currently using the AWS Management Console to provision Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB resources. A Solutions Architect has been tasked with automating the future deployments of these sewerless APIs. How can this be accomplished?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS CloudFormation with a Lambda-backed custom resource to provision API Gateway. Use the AWS::DynamoDB::Table and resources to create the Amazon DynamoDB table and Lambda functions. Write a script to automate the deployment of the CloudFormation template.
    - [ ] B. Use the AWS Serverless Application Model to define the resources. Upload a YAML template and application files to the wxxxcode-style repositoxy. Use AWS CodePipeline to connect to the repository and to create an action to build using AWS CodeBuild. Use the AWS CloudFormation deployment provider in CodePipeline to deploy the solution.
    - [ ] C. Use AWS CloudFormation to define the serverless application. Implement versioning on the Lambda functions and create aliases to point to the versions. When deploying, configure weights to implement shifting traffic to the newest version, and gradually update the weights as traffic moves over.
    - [ ] D. Commit the application wxxxcode-style to the AWS CodeCommit wxxxcode-style repository. Use AWS CodePipeline and connect to the CodeCommit repository. Use AWS CodeBuild to build and deploy the Lambda functions using AWS CodeDeploy. Specify the deployment preference type in CodeDeploy to gradually shift traffic over to the new version.
67. The company Security team queries that all data uploaded into an Amazon S3 bucket must be encrypted. The encryption keys must be highly available and the company must be able to control access on a per-user basis, with different users having access to different encwption keys. Which of the following architectures will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed keys. Allow Amazon S3 to generate an AWS/S3 master key, and use IAM to control access to the data keys that are generated.
    - [ ] B. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with AWS KMS-managed keys, create multiple customer master keys, and use key policies to control access to them.
    - [ ] C. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-managed keys, and use AWS CloudHSM to manage the keys. Use CloudHSM client software to control access to the keys that are generated.
    - [ ] D. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-managed keys, and use two AWS CloudHSM instances configured in high-availability mode to manage the keys. Use the Cloud HSM client software to control access to the keys that are generated.
    - [ ] E. Use Amazon S3 server-side encryption with customer-managed keys, and use two AWS CloudHSM instances configured in high-availability mode to manage the keys. Use IAM to control access to the keys that are generated in CloudHSM.
68. A company runs a public-facing application that uses a Java-based web service via a RESTful API. It is hosted on Apache Tomcat on a single server in a data center that runs consistently at 30% CPU utilization. Use of the API is expected to increase by 10 times with a new product launch. The business wants to migrate the application to AWS with no disruption, and needs it to scale to meet demand. The company has already decided to use Amazon Route 53 and CNAME records to redirect traffic. How can these requirements be met with the LEAST amount of effort?
    - [ ] A. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to deploy the Java web service and enable Auto Scaling. Then switch the application to use the new web service.
    - [ ] B. Lift and shift the Apache server to the cloud using AWS SMS. Then switch the application to direct web service traffic to the new instance.
    - [ ] C. Create a Docker image and migrate the image to Amazon ECS. Then change the application to direct web service queries to the ECS container.
    - [ ] D. Modify the application to call the web service via Amazon API Gateway. Then create a new AWS Lambda Java function to run the Java web service wxxxcode-style. After testing, change API Gateway to use the Lambda function.
69. A company is using AWS for production and development workloads. Each business unit has its own AWS account for production, and a separate AWS account to develop and deploy its applications. The Information Security department has introduced new security policies that limit access for terminating certain Amazon ECS instances in all accounts to a small group of individuals from the Security team. How can the Solutions Architect meet these requirements?
    - [ ] A. Create a new IAM policy that allows access to those EC2 instances only for the Security team. Apply this policy to the AWS Organizations master account.
    - [ ] B. Create a new tag-based IAM policy that allows access to these EC2 instances only for the Security team. Tag the instances appropriately, and apply this policy in each account.
    - [ ] C. Create an organizational unit under AWS Organizations. Move all the accounts into this organizational unit and use SCP to apply a whitelist policy to allow access to these EC2 instances for the Security team only.
    - [ ] D. Set up SAML federation for all accounts in AWS. Configure SAML so that it checks for the service API call before authenticating the user. Block SAML from authenticating API calls if anyone other than the Security team accesses these instances.
70. A company is moving a business-critical, multi-tier application to AWS. The architecmre consists ofa desktop client application and server infrastmcture. The server infrastructure resides in an on-premises data center that frequently fails to maintain the application uptime SLA of 99.95%. A Solutions Architect must re-architect the application to ensure that it can meet or exceed the SLA. The application contains a PostgreSQL database running on a single virtual machine. The business logic and presentation layers are load balanced between multiple virtual machines. Remote users complain about slow load times while using this latency-sensitive application. Which of the following will meet the availability requirements with little change to the application while improving user experience and minimizing costs?
    - [ ] A. Migrate the database to a PostgreSQL database in Amazon EC2. Host the application and presentation layers in automatically scaled Amazon ECS containers behind an Application Load Balancer. Allocate an Amazon WorkSpaces WorkSpace ove the for each end user to impruser experience.
    - [ ] B. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Aurora PostgreSQL configuration. Host the application and presentation layers in an Auto Scaling configuration on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. Use Amazon AppStream 2.0 to improve the user experience.
    - [ ] C. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS PostgreSQL Multi-AZ configuration. Host the application and presentation layers in automatically scaled AWS Fargate containers behind a Network Load Balancer. Use Amazon ElastiCache to improve the user experience.
    - [ ] D. Migrate the database to an Amazon Redshift cluster with at least two nodes. Combine and host the application and presentation layers in automatically scaled Amazon ECS containers behind an Application Load Balancer. Use Amazon CloudFront to improve the user experience.
71. An advisory firm is creating a secure data analytics solution for its regulated financial services users. Users will upload their raw data to an Amazon S3 bucket, where they have PutObject permissions only. Data will be analyzed by applications running on an Amazon EMR cluster launched in a VPC The firm requires that the environment be isolated from the internet. All data at rest must be encrypted using keys controlled by the firm. Which combination of actions should the Solutions Architect take to meet the user's security requirements? (Choose two.)
    - [ ] A. Launch the Amazon EMR cluster in a private subnet configured to use an AWS KMS CMK for atrest encryption. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 and an interface VQC endpoint for AWS KMS.
    - [ ] B. Launch the Amazon EMR cluster in a private subnet configured to use an AWS KMS CMK for atrest encryption. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 and a NAT gateway to access AWS KNIS.
    - [ ] C. Launch the Amazon EMR cluster in a private subnet configured to use an AWS CloudHSM appliance for at-rest encryption. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 and an interface VQC endpoint for CloudHSM.
    - [ ] D. Configure the S3 endpoint policies to permit access to the necessary data buckets only.
    - [ ] E. Configure the S3 bucket policies to permit access using an aws:sourceVpce condition to match the S3 endpoint ID
72. A company is designing a new highly available web application on AWS. The application requires consistent and reliable connectivity from the application servers in AWS to a backend REST API hosted in the company's on-premises environment. The backend connection between AWS and on-premises will be routed over an AWS Direct Connect connection through a private virtual interface. Amazon Route 53 will be used to manage private DNS records for the application to resolve the IP address on the backend REST API. Which design would provide a reliable connection to the backend API?
    - [ ] A. Implement at least two backend endpoints for the backend REST API, and use Route 53 health checks to monitor the availability of each backend endpoint and perform DNS-level failover.
    - [ ] B. Install a second Direct Connect connection from a different network carrier and attach it to the same virtual private gateway as the first Direct Connect connection.
    - [ ] C. Install a second cross connect for the same Direct Connect connection from the same network carrier, and join both connections to the same link aggregation group (LAG) on the same private virtual interface.
    - [ ] D. Create an IPSec VPN connection routed over the public internet from the on-premises data center to AWS and attach it to the same virtual private gateway as the Direct Connect connection.
73. A company has a data center that must be migrated to AWS as quickly as possible. The data center has a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect link and a separate, fully available I Gbps ISP connection. A Solutions Architect must transfer 20 TB of data from the data center to an Amazon S3 bucket. What is the FASTEST way transfer the data?
    - [ ] A. Upload the data to the S3 bucket using the existing DX link.
    - [ ] B. Send the data to AWS using the AWS Import'Export service.
    - [ ] C. Upload the data using an 80 TB AWS Snowball device.
    - [ ] D. Upload the data to the S3 bucket using S3 Transfer Acceleration.
74. A bank is designing an online customer sewice portal where customers can chat with customer service agents. The portal is required to maintain a 15-minute RPO or RTO in case of a regional disaster. Banking regulations require that all customer sewice chat transcripts must be preserved on durable storage for at least 7 years, chat conversations must be encrypted in-flight, and transcripts must be encrypted at rest. The Data Lost Prevention team requires that data at rest must be encrypted using a key that the team controls, rotates, and revokes. Which design meets these requirements?
    - [ ] A. The chat application logs each chat message into Amazon CloudWatch Logs. A scheduled AWS Lambda function invokes a CloudWatch Logs. CreateExportTask every 5 minutes to export chat transcripts to Amazon S3. The S3 bucket is configured for cross-region replication to the backup region. Separate AWS KMS keys are specified for the CloudWatch Logs group and the S3 bucket.
    - [ ] B. The chat application logs each chat message into two different Amazon CloudWatch Logs groups in two different regions, with the same AWS KMS key applied. Both CloudWatch Logs groups are configured to export logs into an Amazon Glacier vault with a 7-year vault lock policy with a KMS key specified.
    - [ ] C. The chat application logs each chat message into Amazon CloudWatch Logs. A subscription filter on the CloudWatch Logs group feeds into an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose which streams the chat messages into an Amazon S3 bucket in the backup region. Separate AWS KMS keys are specified for the CloudWatch Logs group and the Kinesis Data Firehose.
    - [ ] D. The chat application logs each chat message into Amazon CloudWatch Logs. The CloudWatch Logs group is configured to export logs into an Amazon Glacier vault with a 7-year vault lock policy. Glacier cross-region replication mirrors chat archives to the backup region. Separate AWS KMS keys are specified for the CloudWatch Logs group and the Amazon Glacier vault.
75. A company currently runs a secure application on Amazon EC2 that takes files from on-premises locations through AWS Direct Connect, processes them, and uploads them to a single Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses HTTPS for encryption in transit to Amazon S3, and S3 serverside encryption to encrypt at rest. Which of the following changes should the Solutions Architect recommend to make this solution more secure without impeding application's performance?
    - [ ] A. Add a NAT gateway. Update the security groups on the EC2 instance to allow access to and from the S3 IP range only. Configure an S3 bucket policy that allows communication from the NAT gateway's Elastic IP address only.
    - [ ] B. Add a VPC endpoint. Configure endpoint policies on the VPC endpoint to allow access to the required Amazon S3 buckets only. Implement an S3 bucket policy that allows communication from the VPC's source IP range only.
    - [ ] C. Add a NAT gateway. Update the security groups on the EC2 instance to allow access to and from the S3 IP range only. Configure an S3 bucket policy that allows communication from the source public IP address of the on-premises network only.
    - [ ] D. Add a VPC endpoint. Configure endpoint policies on the VPC endpoint to allow access to the required S3 buckets only. Implement an S3 bucket policy that allows communication from the WTC endpoint only.
